I welcome to a special edition of big
Jays review
I stopped by Starbucks today I had
actually because I'm registered I had a
50% off bakery so I got this this is
called the pumpkin pumpkin muffin this
thing cost about 225 but I got it half
off so 113 well even at 225 I believe
because I ever had this but from what I
hear it's really good so if it's really
good 225 I think that's a great price
plus I got a pumpkin spice Frappuccino
so it's that time of year it's close to
Halloween and this thing I got it free
cuz I have one of those gold Starbucks
card and every so many stars you get a
free drink so this is actually my first
time trying this pumpkin spice this is
seasonal from what I hear so I'm gonna
go ahead and try this one first the
muffin you know what you don't mind
taking that cover off in the bottom
whole video no no no cuz you'll flip
don't flip this over just take it off
for me okay alright here we go
tastes like a pumpkin pike cheesecake it
is so good
definitely 225 I thought Starbucks will
charge like three four dollars for this
muffin but no it's not 225 thousand
great let me try the pumpkin spice
cappuccino oh my gosh that time of year
oh my god
that is delicious oh I love this time of
year man Starbucks you do quality
products man I kid you not this whole
thing when it cost me a dollar twelve
but definitely try these items guys it's
I don't know they're seasonal I only see
them during this time of year and never
see them in the summertime it might vary
within Starbucks different locations but
yeah I truly recommend you guys at least
try
one of these items it is so goodness
you're allergic to pumpkin or you don't
like pumpkin all right well thank you so
much for watching I do have I do have
your suggestions I will do all of them I
just have to do them in order and they
take time because you know I don't eat
fast food that much alright thank you so
much for watching have a great day